Why did the chicken cross the road?To get to the other side. 😂
What happens if you boil a clown?You get a laughing stock. 😂
Why did the car get a flat tire?Because there was a fork in the road! 😂
How did the hipster burn his mouth?He ate his pizza before it was cool. 😂
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?SUPPLIES!!!! 😂
Have you heard about the band 1023MB?It's probably because they haven't got a gig yet… 😂
Why does the golfer wear two pants?Because he's afraid he might get a "Hole-in-one." 😂
Why should you wear glasses to maths class?Because it helps with division. 😂
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet?Because they could spend years at C. 😂
Why did the woman go on the date with the mushroom?Because he was a fun-ghi. 😂
Why do bananas never get lonely?Because they hang out in bunches. 😂
What did the buffalo say when his kid went to college?Bison. 😂
Why shouldn't you tell secrets in a cornfield?Too many ears. 😂
What do you call someone who doesn't like carbs?Lack-Toast Intolerant. 😂
Why did the can crusher quit his job?Because it was soda pressing. 😂
Why did the birthday boy wrap himself in paper?He wanted to live in the present. 😂
What does a house wear?A dress. 😂
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road?Because it got stuck in a crack. 😂
Why didn't the bike want to go anywhere?Because it was two-tired! 😂
Want to hear a pizza joke?Nahhh, it's too cheesy! 😂
Why are chemists great at solving problems?Because they have all of the solutions! 😂
Why is it impossible to starve in the desert?Because of all the sand which is there! 😂
What did the cheese say when it looked in the mirror?Halloumi! 😂
Why did the developer go broke?Because he used up all his cache. 😂
Did you know that ants are the only animals that don't get sick?It's true! It's because they have little antibodies. 😂
Why did the donut go to the dentist?To get a filling. 😂
What do you call a bear with no teeth?A gummy bear! 😂
What does a vegan zombie like to eat?Graaains. 😂
What do you call a dinosaur with only one eye?A Do-you-think-he-saw-us! 😂
Why should you never fall in love with a tennis player?Because to them... love means NOTHING! 😂
What did the full glass say to the empty glass?You look drunk. 😂
What's a potato's favorite form of transportation?The gravy train 😂
What did one ocean say to the other?Nothing, they just waved. 😂
What did the right eye say to the left eye?Honestly, between you and me something smells. 😂
What do you call a dog that's been run over by a steamroller?Spot! 😂
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?One's pretty heavy and the other's a little lighter 😂
Why don't scientists trust Atoms?They make up everything. 😂
